I really don't know who gave you the confidence
I'll take it.
presumptuous
Tomorrow night you dare to let the beast pick up your things
Hurry up and take your fake things and get out of here.
You are just Miss Qin
Find a tool
Why are you yelling at Young Master Qin?
Do you see it?
Your ex-wife can die
I asked you to talk about the marriage contract
Mr. Lin, don't go too far
For the sake of saving Qiyan
I can ignore you
And you can make a condition.
Forget the favor my Qin family owes you
Leave the village book idle
Do you know what you're talking about?
Senior Pi, don't push your luck
Maple Leaf Forget it
Sister, I didn't expect your taste to be so poor now.
Actually looking for a fool as a shield
Hmph if you do
I'm very worried
Hand over the power of the company to you
What do you want?
I have been in control of the company for the past three years
The company's performance is not bad either
If you really like this keyboard
This way you can rest assured.
The company doesn't have you
Wolf Warrior
I told you to pick up the Soul Technique
Grandpa, do you think you are a repeater?
You really think of yourself as the uncle of the Qin family
There's got to be some posturing.
This is an insult to the Qin family
Never mind.
Grandpa, didn't you see our business?